*Usage:* `{cpfx}vaxcert [{sopfx}p|{lopfx}pdf] OPTIONS`

Generates an EU vaccination certificate with a fake signature.

Required options are:

* `{sopfx}f NAME`/`{lopfx}first-name NAME`: Given name of the vaccinated person.
* `{sopfx}l NAME`/`{lopfx}last-name NAME`: Surname of the vaccinated person.
* `{sopfx}b YYYY-MM-DD`/`{lopfx}birthdate YYYY-MM-DD`: Date of birth of the vaccinated person.
* `{sopfx}d YYYY-MM-DD`/`{lopfx}issue-date YYYY-MM-DD`: Date on which the certificate was issued.

Additional options, by default derived from the values of the required options:

* `{sopfx}p`/`{lopfx}pdf`: Generates a PDF with the QR code instead of only the QR code.
* `{sopfx}c XY`/`{lopfx}country XY`: ISO 3166 alpha-2 code of the issuing country.
* `{sopfx}C NAME`/`{lopfx}country-name-en NAME`: English-language name of the issuing country. Only used for PDF output.
* `{sopfx}E NAME`/`{lopfx}country-name-de NAME`: German-language name of the issuing country. Only used for PDF output.
* `{sopfx}I NAME`/`{lopfx}issuer NAME`: Name of the issuing authority. Default is the generic-sounding `Ministry of Health`.
* `{sopfx}n NUMBER`/`{lopfx}dose-number NUMBER`: Number of the dose certified by the certificate.
* `{sopfx}N NUMBER`/`{lopfx}total-doses NUMBER`: Total number of doses in a regular vaccination series of the used vaccine.
* `{sopfx}i CERTID`/`{lopfx}cert-id CERTID`: Certificate ID. Series of uppercase letters and digits. Randomly generated by default.
* `{sopfx}F NAME`/`{lopfx}normalized-first-name NAME`: Given name of the vaccinated person, transliterated according to the rules set forth in ICAO 9303 part 3 section 6A. Automatically transliterated from `{sopfx}f`/`{lopfx}first-name` by default; note that automatic transliteration is currently only supported for names in Latin alphabet.
* `{sopfx}L NAME`/`{lopfx}normalized-last-name NAME`: Transliterated surname of the vaccinated person. Same rules and caveats apply as for `{sopfx}F`/`{lopfx}normalized-first-name`.
* `{sopfx}v YYYY-MM-DD`/`{lopfx}valid-date YYYY-MM-DD`: End of validity of the vaccination certificate. By default, it is calculated by adding 334 days to the issue date and rounding down to midnight.
